Add alt text to images and fix minor typos (#523)
Virtual-Coffee/VC-Community-Docs: docs/monthly-challenges/facilitators-docs/technical-guidelines.md

1. Click the down arrow next to the channel's name.

>    ![Tab showing channel name](../../_assets/images/get-channel-details.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![An open Slack channel with a dropdown menu next to the name to get channel details](../../_assets/images/get-channel-details.png)
```

2. Click the "Edit" button in the topic section. Fill it in with the name of the challenge and the link to the challenge page on the website.
3. Click the "Edit" button in the description section. Fill it in with a brief description of the challenge.

>    ![Topic and Description sections under the channel name's About Tab](../../_assets/images/edit-channel-topic-and-description.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![The 'About' tab in a Slack channel shows 'Edit' buttons in the 'Topic' and 'Description sections](../../_assets/images/edit-channel-topic-and-description.png)
```

2. Write your message.
3. Click the down arrow next to the green "Send" icon.

>    ![Slack text box to type a message](../../_assets/images/slack-schedule-for-later.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![The dropdown menu 'Schedule for later' in a message input on Slack](../../_assets/images/slack-schedule-for-later.png)
```

4. Select the "Custom time".
5. Set the day and time. This day and time default to your timezone.

>    ![Slack text box with day and time options](../../_assets/images/slack-schedule-message.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   !['Schedule message' options in a message input on Slack to set the day and time of publishing. The available options are 'Later today at 13:00', 'Monday at 09:00', and 'Custom time'](../../_assets/images/slack-schedule-message.png)
```
